yeah we have to try to assume the roles
of a regular human family since Tommy's
the adolescent he'll have to go to
school and you will explore the
lifestyle of a young adult woman and I
as the benevolent father figure will
provide the major source of income and
give you cute nicknames dick what is it
kitten you know these clothes do not
flatter you at all it should be a dress
or nothing I haven't got no dress in my
cabin
you're all quite sure aren't you well
yeah we're children well that's no
excuse I was never as short as you you
were once was not know why because I
distinctly remember putting a half on
top of my head look at your short little
arms you could never reach hmm buddy up
to it you know girl talk girl talk yes
go to I'm sorry I'm totally drawn up
like well leg waxing fake orgasms the
inability of men to commit before she go
talk to her just imagine that she's me
and there's something you want to know
but I don't want to talk about it what
would you do you want me to beat it out
of her why don't you go talk to her hey
penny thanks for the couch um Mike made
me sleep under the sink I like your
dress because they've got these
incredible boobs to fill it out hmm can
I ask you something yeah sure can you
tell I'm wearing underwear cuz I totally
oh oh oh thank you broke my nose
baby
but so long everybody haha